SXML API reference


(parse-xml port)
Reads from port and parses the XML.
Returns an SXML tree.

(display-xml sxml output-port)
Convert SXML into XML and write out to output-port.

(tag? tag)
Checks if tag is a valid SXML tag.
Returns the boolean for if it is or not.

(append-list l)
Appends the lists in the list l.
This is useful for when you want to put multiple children
into a node other than at the end.

(get-children tag)
Returns the list of children of a tag.

(get-tag-name tag)
Returns the name of a tag.

(get-attr tag name)
Returns the value of the attribute named name from an
SXML tag tag if it exists.  It is false otherwise.

(set-attr tag name val)
Returns a copy of tag with the attribute named name
set to value val.  It is inserted if it is not present.

(del-attr tag name)
Returns a copy of tag without the attribute named name.

(select-tags sxml equals)
Returns a list of sxml nodes from sxml 1 level deep for which
equals returns true.

(select-tags-rec sxml equals)
Returns a list of sxml nodes from sxml of arbitrary depth for which
equals returns true.

(get-text tag)
Returns all of the text from text nodes that are children of the given tag.

(get-text-rec tag)
Returns all of the text from all of the text nodes within the given tag.

(connect-tag head body)
Makes a tag from the tag name and attributes of the tag head,
but the children body.

(make-match-always)
Makes a matcher that always matches.  (Like ".*")

(make-match-exact-path path)
Makes a matcher that only matches an exact path.  (No wildcards)

(make-comparison comparators)
Make a comparison function that tries comparing 2 arguments
by each element of the comparators list in order with the
first element being the most significant.

(make-comparison-int comparators)
Make a comparison function that tries comparing 2 arguments
by each element of the comparators list in order with the
first element being the most significant.
The comparison functions should be negative for less,
0 for equal, and positive for greater instead of
simply true for less or false otherwise.

(equals-tag-name name)
Returns a function that takes a tag and checks if it has
the same name as the given name.

(value-of-text tag)
Returns the text of a tag.
Equivalent to get-text-rec.

(make-value-of-attr attr)
Makes a function that will take a tag
and return the value of the specified attribute
or else an empty string.

(make-value-of-select equals value-of)
Selects tags according to equals 1 level deep, applies value-of to them,
and then concatenates the resulting strings.

(make-value-of-select-rec equals value-of)
Selects tags according to equals arbitrarily deep, applies value-of to them,
and then concatenates the resulting strings.

(make-value-of-first value-of)
Makes a function that attempts to take the value-of each element of a list.
It returns the first value for which it succeeds or false if it fails.

(make-comparison-string-int value-of)
Makes a function that takes the value-of and then does a string
comparsion on the result.  The result of the comparison is returned
as -1, 0, or 1 for <,=,>.

(make-comparison-number-int value-of)
Makes a function that takes the value-of and then does a numerical
comparsion on the result by converting the strings into numbers.
The result of the comparison is returned as -1, 0, or 1 for <,=,>.

(just-children branch tagname)
Returns the children of the children of branch whose name is tagname.

(just-text branch tagname)
Returns the text of the children of branch whose name is tagname.

(group-by x value-of)
Groups x into lists of equal value-of values.

(apply-templates root templates param)
Apply templates to sxml tree from root passing param
as the parameter to those templates.
This is intended to be the function to start applying a template originally.
templates = list of (matcher . function)

(apply-templates-list root sxml templates param)
Apply templates to a list of tags.

(apply-templates-children root sxml templates param)
Apply templates to the children of a tag.
This is intended to continue applying a template to a subtree.

(trim str)
Change leading and trailing whitespace into a single space.

(trim-all sxml)
Trim an entire sxml tree.

(valid-attr attr)
Checks if the attributes of a tag are valid.

(valid-tag tag)
Checks if a tag is valid, including its children.

